#1 Summary:New User Registration

   Steps: 1. Open the site https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
          2. Enter username(must be at least 3 characters) into the 'Username' input field
          3. Enter not registered email in the "Email" input field
          4. Enter password(must be at least 12 characters) into the 'Password' input field
          5. Click on the 'Sign up for OurApp' button

   Expected result: - The new user is registered;
                    - The “Sign Out" and “Create Post” buttons appeared on the page.

#2 Summary: The user can open the "My Profile" page

   Precondition: The user account created and authorized
   Steps: 1. Open main page
          2. Click “My Profile” button

   Expected result: - The "My Profile" page opens;
                    - The tabs "Posts", "Followers", "Following" are present on the page.

#3 Summary: User can create public post

   Precondition: The user account created and authorized
   Steps: 1. Click on the 'Create Post' button
          2. Fill 'Title' field
          3. Fill 'Body Content' field
          4. Select 'Public' value in the drop-down
          5. Click on the 'Save New Post' button

   Expected result: - The message "New post successfully created." is displayed;
                    - The note “This post was written for All Users” is displayed.
                    - Number of posts in 'Posts' tab increased on +1

#4 Summary: The appearance of a notification when entering an invalid password during registration

   Steps: 1. Open the site https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
          2. Enter username:kosof788755 into the 'Username' input field
          3. Enter Email: kosof68865@ukbob.com in the "Email" input field
          4. Enter password: Qwerty12!@ into the 'Password' input field
          5. Click on the 'Sign up for OurApp' button

   Expected result: - The user is not registered;
                    - The notification "Password must be at least 12 characters." is displayed.

№5 Summary: Checking editing a created post

   Precondition: The user account created and authorized. User has already created post
   Steps: 1. Open created post
          2. Click on the “Edit” button
          3. Change the 'Title' field
          4. Click on the “Save Updates” button

   Expected result: - The notification "Post successfully updated." appears;
                    - On the page https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/profile/<UserName> shows modified post

